hi guys it's kyndra miss Kim K and if
you want to see how I achieved this
lovely look by using aluminum foil
please stay tuned
so the products that I'm going to be
using is the virgin coconut oil the
Cantu shea butter daily oil moisturizer
you guys know that this is my favorite
Reynolds Wrap and my Denman brush so to
start take a section of hair and go
ahead and apply your coconut oil to your
scalp and as well as the hair strands
apply your came to daily oil moisturizer
to your hair as well and work these
products in together really good
after you work those products and really
well detangle that section we want to
work with detangled hair cut a piece of
foil in a small square and then what
you're going to do is you're going to
fold starting at one corner of the
square
once you fold it all the way to the end
take the final piece and fold that in
half this just helps the foil to be
stronger when you're wrapping it around
your hair you don't want a flimsy piece
of foil or else you know your curl won't
come out right take a section of hair
and place the foil right underneath the
hair
fold the top of the foil over the hair
so that it's just to keep it steady and
then go ahead and wrap your hair around
the foil just like you would on a flexi
rod
once you're done wrapping the hair all
the way to the end as far as it can go
place your thumb at the end and wrap the
foil around the ends of your hair this
will ensure that your hair will not
unravel while it's drying if you need to
tighten or loosen the hair at the root
simply pull the top flap up and loosen
or tighten to your desire
repeat these steps on the remaining
sections of your hair
once your hair have dried go ahead and
apply coconut oil to your fakers to
prevent any frizz this is very important
because the foil has a lot of sharp
parts and edges to it that can snag your
hair and cause frizz or break your hair
and we don't want that so make sure your
hands are coated with oil to prevent the
frizz and take these down as careful as
possible to ensure that you don't break
any of your hair or snag any of your
hair so go ahead and unravel the foil by
unraveling the ends and then pulling the
flap of the top and simply unraveling it
down
once you've taken all of your foils out
go ahead and separate to your heart's
desire
alright guys so this is my final look I
like it
I separate it separated and separated as
you can see I have also defined the
curls around my hair with eco styler gel
and water and I was just using my pic to
raise the roots and just finger styling
it
so this is my final look I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and I hope it gave
you great tips to be able to go out and
do your own oil set as always thank you
so much for watching and don't forget to
check out my previous video my review on
the trigger drills nourish spa shampoo
and conditioner please comment rate and
subscribe on this video and I'll see you
guys on my next video bye